docs: make upgrade version detail clearer. (#18608)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/upgrade/index.mdx

outage. However, there are some restrictions to be aware of before upgrading:

- Nomad strives to be backward compatible for at least 1 point release, so
  Nomad v1.6.x hosts work with v1.5.x hosts. Upgrading 2 point releases

>   (eg v1.4.0 to v1.6.0) may work but is untested and unsupported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (for example, from v1.4.0 to v1.6.0) may work but is untested and unsupported.
```

As a non-native speaker, I find `i.e.`, `e.g.`, and other acronyms like these very confusing 😅
